What an amazing week
精彩的一周
Quantstamp community,
This week has been amazing! We started building a unique, caring community around security auditing and proof-of-care. We’re bringing sexy back to security auditing.
Quantstamp社区，
过去这周真是太精彩了！我们开始围绕安全审计和关爱证明建立一个独特的、充满关怀的社区，我们把感性带回到了安全审计中。
Community
Here’s me talking to crypt0 about our project on his youtube channel.
This is a great video submission from one of our community members explaining our project! Thank you!
This is a cool video submission from one of our community members, Joseph! It’s hilarious. This made our day!
These are some cool memes from our community members!
社区
这是我在crypt0上谈到关于我们的项目,可在YouTube频道观看。

这是我们社区成员提交的一段视频，这里面很好的介绍了我们的项目！ 非常谢谢他！
这个很酷的视频是我们社区成员Joseph上传的，这真的很搞笑，让我们笑了一天。
下面是我们社区成员制作的一些有趣的表情包。
 
 
 
Proof of Caring
Honestly having the support of the community means a lot to our team. We have been constantly thinking: how might we give back and reward those who have contributed to our growth and development? The truth is, we hardly know how to begin to express our appreciation.
坦白说得到社区的支持对我们的团队来说意义重大的，我们一直在思考：我们怎样才能回馈和奖励对我们的成长与发展作出贡献的人？事实上，我们几乎不知道如何开始表达我们的感激之情。
Since we are incredibly oversubscribed, after a lot of outreach with different members of the community, we decided to update the presale to make it more inclusive, so everyone who cares in our community could participate.
自从我们被超额认购后，经过各地不同社区成员的大量宣传，我们决定更改成更具包容性的预售计划，让每个关心社区的人都可以参与到项目中来。
We want to reward our early members — actually I know most of the original 200 members by name. But we also want to reward a lot of new members (over 3000 new members) that are contributing really cool content and helping to build our community.
我们想奖励我们早期的成员 - 实际上我知道大多数原来的200名成员的名字。 但是，我们也想奖励很多新成员（超过3000个新成员），这些新成员提供了非常酷的内容，并帮助我们成立了社区。
Our community managers are coping with the crazy growth and demand, and constantly getting dm-ed on telegram. Let’s let those guys take a break! We’ll let everyone know one-by-one once their submission is approved. Some people are also wanting to contribute more after submission and have no means to do so. For those people, feel free to edit the submission and we will try to update you.
我们的社区管理人员正在telegram应对疯狂的增长和需求，让我们让那些小伙伴休息一下吧！一旦有人的提交被批准，我们会让所有人逐一都知道的。有些人也希望在提交后做出更多的贡献，对于这些人，请随意编辑提交信息，我们会尽努力更新你的信息。
Here are the token sale terms:
以下是令牌销售条款：
Hardcap: $30M, including both presale and crowdsale (The cap has not changed)
硬顶：3000万美元，包含预售和ICO（没有修改过硬顶）
Presale: $11M (10/9/17–11/9/17)
Decisions about individual allocations will be made on a rolling basis. How much allocation you get and what tier you are in will be based on the quality of your Proof of Care. You need to submit your Proof of Care on this form.
预售: 1100万美金 (2017年10月9日–2017年11月9日)
关于个人配额将由滚动的基础上进行决定。您获得的分配数量以及您所在的层次将根据您的“关爱证明”的质量。 您需要在此表格上提交您的关爱证明。

•	Caring level 1 ($3M): 1 ETH = 10,000 QSP (unchanged)
•	关怀等级1（300万美金）：1 ETH = 10,000 QSP（没有变化）
•	Caring level 2 ($4M): 1 ETH = 7,000 QSP
•	关怀等级2（400万美金）：1 ETH = 7,000 QSP（没有变化）
•	Caring level 3 ($4M): 1 ETH = 6,000 QSP
•	关怀等级2（400万美金）：1 ETH = 6,000 QSP
Crowdsale: $19M (11/15/17–11/22/17) The crowdsale will have individual caps so that everyone on the whitelist can participate. Due to individual caps, no proof of caring is needed for the crowdsale.
众筹：1900万美金（11/15 / 17-11 / 22/17）人群将有个人上限，以便白名单中的每个人都可以参与。由于个人上限，人群不需要关怀的证据。
•	众筹 ($19M): 1 ETH = 5,000 QSP
•	众筹（1900万美金）：1 ETH = 5,000 QSP
Criteria for Proof of Caring
Our criteria for proof of caring is that it’s genuine. It doesn’t have to be a social proof, for example, I’m bad at twitter. We want to see that you understand the goals of the project and express that in your own genuine way. For example, if you end up at level 2, feel free to contribute more, we are very relaxed about the requirements (we’re also spending time building our product traction) and will try to make our supporters happy.
关于关怀证明

我们的照顾证明是正确的。它不一定是一个社会证据，例如，我在Twitter上不好。我们希望看到您了解项目的目标，并以自己的真实方式表达。例如，如果您在2级结束，请随意提供更多信息，我们对要求非常放松（我们也花时间建立我们的产品牵引力），并将努力让我们的支持者开心。带你的朋友到电报组，享受乐趣的正面气氛！
Bring your friends to the telegram group and enjoy the fun positive vibe!
我们认为关爱的证明是我们长期成功的关键，每个人都可以有所作为，我们只将配置放在照顾上。对于游泳池来说，这意味着游泳池会做大量的关怀参与。如果我们没有看到关心的证据，则分配为0。
Pools and Caring
Regarding pools and groups: we see proof of caring as key to our long term success, everyone can make a difference, and we base allocations only on caring. For pools, that means the pool will do a proof of caring on a large scale to participate. If we do not see a proof of caring, the allocation is 0.
关于分配和关怀：
我们认为关爱的证明是我们长期成功的关键，每个人都可以有所作为，我们只将配置放在照顾上。对于分配池来说，这意味着分配会做大量的关怀参与。如果我们没有看到关心的证据，则分配为0。
KYC
Starting tomorrow, we will start reviewing proof of cares and Krishna and I will start contacting everyone to confirm your allocations via telegram. We have not started the KYC process, so there is no need to send eth at this time. Starting Monday, we will start the KYC process. We’re actively working with legal counsel both in the US and Canada to make sure we’re fully compliant.
了解你的顾客
明天开始，我们将开始和克里希纳审查关心的证明，我将开始联系每个人通过电报确认您的分配。我们还没有启动KYC过程，所以目前没有必要发送eth。从星期一开始，我们将启动KYC流程。我们正积极与美国和加拿大的法律顾问合作，确保我们完全遵守。
FAQ
A lot of people asked for an FAQ, so we will upload an extended FAQ together with the start of the KYC process on Monday. Because so many people in our community are asking these questions, I just wanted to share some basic info about our process.
常被问到的问题
很多人要求提供常被问到的问题，所以我们将在星期一上传KYC进程的扩展常被问到的问题。因为社区上有这么多人问这些问题，所以我只是想分享一些关于我们流程的基本信息。
Special Thanks
Some of our supporters have gone so above and beyond. We are going to send a special personal gift to our biggest supporters. We’re currently figuring out cool things to put in it. Details for that will be announced in another post.
我们的一些支持者已经如此超越。我们将向我们最大的支持者发送特别的个人礼物。我们目前正在找出一些很酷的东西。细节将在另一篇文章中公布。
Thank you all for being part of our growing community of supporters! We have some exciting projects and partnerships on our roadmap that will be announced soon.
感谢大家成为我们不断增长的支持者团队！我们在路线图上有一些令人兴奋的项目和合作伙伴关系，很快就会公布。
To close, here are some more cool submissions from the community. Thank you all in participating in our project to secure Ethereum smart contracts.
最后，这里有一些来自社区的更酷的提交。感谢大家参与我们的项目，以确保以太坊的智能合同。
 
 
 
 
This post is only for information only. It is not a request, offer or a promise in anyway. We are not advertising anything about our tokens or making any offer to anyone in this post. The only things we promote is our great community, our product and our vision of securing Ethereum.
这篇文章仅供参考。无论如何，这不是要求，要约或承诺。我们不会在本文中向任何人宣传任何关于我们的令牌或提供任何建议。我们推广的唯一的事情是我们伟大的社区，我们的产品和我们的眼光来保护以太坊。
